Update postgresql testing script (#10906)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/development/contributing_guide.md

SYNAPSE_TEST_LOG_LEVEL=DEBUG trial tests
```

### Running tests under PostgreSQL

Invoking `trial` as above will use an in-memory SQLite database. This is great for

> quick development and testing. However, we only support using a PostgreSQL database

Reviewer: I'm not aware that this is true, but perhaps:
```suggestion
quick development and testing. However, we recommend using a PostgreSQL database
```

Author: I had in mind https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/latest/setup/installation.html?highlight=sqlite#using-postgresql , which says:

> SQLite is only acceptable for testing purposes. SQLite should not be used in a production server. Synapse will perform poorly when using SQLite, especially when participating in large rooms.

That said, still happy to make the change.

Reviewer: I didn't know we said something quite so strong about it, but I would probably still make the change anyway as we would still support SQLite in the sense of making sure it doesn't just fall over and explode (even if it does run slowly, though I have to admit an old server of mine was on SQLite in the early days and it was good enough for what I was doing back then).

in production (and indeed, we have some code paths specific to each database).
This means that we need to run our unit tests against PostgreSQL too. Our CI does
this automatically for pull requests and release candidates, but it's sometimes
useful to reproduce this locally.

To do so, [configure Postgres](../postgres.md) and run `trial` with the
following environment variables matching your configuration:

- `SYNAPSE_POSTGRES` to anything nonempty
- `SYNAPSE_POSTGRES_HOST`
- `SYNAPSE_POSTGRES_USER`
- `SYNAPSE_POSTGRES_PASSWORD`

For example:

```shell
export SYNAPSE_POSTGRES=1
export SYNAPSE_POSTGRES_HOST=localhost
export SYNAPSE_POSTGRES_USER=postgres
export SYNAPSE_POSTGRES_PASSWORD=mydevenvpassword
trial
```

#### Prebuilt container

> Since configuring PostgreSQL can be fiddley, we can use of a pre-made
> docker container to host postgres and run our tests for us. To do so, run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since configuring PostgreSQL can be fiddly, we can use of a pre-made
Docker container to set up PostgreSQL and run our tests for us. To do so, run
```

```shell
scripts-dev/test_postgresql.sh
```

Any extra arguments to the script will be passed to `tox` and then to `trial`,
so we can run a specific test in this container with e.g.

```shell
scripts-dev/test_postgresql.sh tests.replication.test_sharded_event_persister.EventPersisterShardTestCase
```

The container creates a folder in your Synapse checkout called
`.tox-pg-container` and uses this as a tox environment. The output of any

> `trial` runs goes into `_trial_temp` in your synapse source directory---the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`trial` runs goes into `_trial_temp` in your synapse source directory — the same
```

triple-hyphen was too much for me ;p

Author: Too much LaTeX in my murky past.
